#1608: improve apoc.ttl to enable deletion of more than 1000 nodes at once (#3)
vga91/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/config/index.adoc

| apoc.trigger.enabled=false/true | Enable triggers
| apoc.ttl.enabled=false/true | Enable time to live background task
| apoc.ttl.schedule=<secs> (default `60`) | Set frequency in seconds to run ttl background task

> | apoc.ttl.limit=<number> (default: all nodes found) | Maximum number of nodes being deleted in one background transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apoc.ttl.limit=<number> (default: 100) | Maximum number of nodes being deleted in one background transaction, if the value is `0` we exclude the limit
```
